feat(RHINENG-13314): Log specific SP fields defined in env config (#2097)
RedHatInsights/insights-host-inventory: README.md

## Running ad hoc jobs using a different image

There may be a job (ClowdJobInvocation) which requires using a special image that is different from the one used by the parent application, i.e. host-inventory.  Clowder out-of-the-box does not allow it.  [Running a Special Job](docs/running_special_job.md) describes how to accomplish it.

## Logging System Profile fields

Use the environment variable `SP_FIELDS_TO_LOG` to log the System Profile fields of a host.

> These fields are logged when `adding`, `updating` or `deleting` a host from inventory. It is very helpfull to debug hosts in Kibana.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These fields are logged when adding, updating or deleting a host from inventory. It is very helpful when debugging hosts in Kibana.
```

Reviewer 2: Verified the change is done.
